## Phase 2 - Design Document
### Updated specification
Our program is a system for a delivery pickup station that receives and holds packages in storage until pickup. The station employees are users of the system, each with a unique username and password to log in,  both of which are restricted between 4-12 numbers or letters. Each package (item) comes with an identification number, information about its sender and receiver, as well as the type of storage it requires. The employee will input this information in the system and store the package in the vacant location returned. 
We have three types of containers: locker, refrigerator and freezer, depending on the package type. The locker is for package storage at room temperature. The refrigerator stores grocery items under lower temperatures to keep them fresh. The freezer stores frozen items whose storage temperature is under 0 °C. The system has a pre-set series of containers for use.
When someone comes to pick up their package, the user uses the item identification number to look up the location of its container and removes it from the system. During the process, the user must also check the credentials of the receiver and match it to the receiver information attached with the package. In addition, the system will also display whether the receiver needs to pay any storage fees, which only happens if the package has been in storage too long that it has passed its free storage period. Our program also has functionalities to delete the current user, considering employees may resign or for some reason need a new account. A lookup processed item function is included for any inquiries or unexpected situations, this will show all the packages this employee has handled. Finally, there are visualizations for each type of container to see what packages are in each one.
